>> Richard Feldman: Let's move
on to the exercise for part two.
Down here that part two, open that up
>> Richard Feldman: put up a okay.
Now open source article.elm and all there.
Okay, so essentially,
we have a couple of to-dos here.
And they have to do with
this extensible data idea.
So we have Article Full and
Article Preview.
And in this example, we don't quite have
the complete implementation of these.
We have the types mapped out,
where we have the Article, itself.
Which is defined as type Article a, which
we called in the other example extraInfo.
We can call it that as well.
Totally fine.
Then we have this internals type and
internals, is essentially a type alias for
that particular chunk of
data inside that record.
The reason I like to do type alias
called Internals, for this rather
than inlining the record directly
inside the custom type definition,
the way that it is on the slide.
Is that this way, I get to use this
the automatic record instructor that comes
from the type alias when
I'm decoding this thing.
So, we'll get into that in part 7,
but suffice it to say that that's
a common pattern that I use and that
is the answer to a question that somebody
asked in the last exercise, and about when
to use that or when not, if you're using
it with a decoder it's a very nice thing.
So that's the structure of this article.
Now as we previously discussed extra info,
can either hold onto the value preview,
or the value full, and
if it's holding onto a full,
then we have the body inside of that.
Now that's what we've got but
our implementation is not complete yet,
because we don't have a couple of
these functions filled in yet.
So we have this function called body,
which says I take an article full and
return a body,
that's a publicly exposed function.
That's part of the public API.
But it currently doesn't do anything,
it just always returns an empty string.
So that's no good, especially because
sting is not actually a body.
So it's not gonna compile.
And in fact if we try to compile this,
what we get is the pilot type errors.
[LAUGH] So, we're gonna have
to fix these one at a time.
So that's the first to-do, is make it
actually return the article's body,
the second one, is this one converts
from a preview to an article full.
So this comes up in I forget
which part of the code base,
but basically we need
to sort of upgrade it.
And it says okay, well if you've got
a preview, and you can provide a body for
me, well, then putting those two
together I can give you an Article Full.
So this is sort of the function that
does that conversion for the caller.
And finally we have, [INAUDIBLE] TODO.
Right, use Body.decoder which
is type of Decoder Body,
to decode the body into this Article Full.
So this is something where we
have two different decoders.
We have a preview decoder,
which decodes the preview article and
then we have a full decoder,
which decodes full article.
So we're gonna implement
the latter of those and
you can see in the preview decoder.
We, first we do the internals decoder and
resolve all of that, and
then we separately always
hard code this to say,
okay well we're just gonna stick
a preview in there and then move on.
But in this one, we're not gonna do that
we're gonna actually decode the body and
then put that into
the resulting data structure.